Add an article about multiplexing (#465)
apple/swift-nio-http2: Sources/NIOHTTP2/Docs.docc/Articles/Multiplexing-for-maintainers.md

1. _Legacy_ multiplexing is implemented as a separate `ChannelHandler`.
2. _Inline_ multiplexing is implemented within the ``NIOHTTP2Handler``.

## Legacy

The _legacy_ multiplexer is a separate `ChannelHandler` which maintains the set
of open child channels keyed by their stream ID. It is implemented as the
``HTTP2StreamMultiplexer``. The handler receives frames and various channel
events from the ``NIOHTTP2Handler`` which are acted upon or propagated to the
appropriate child channel or forwarded down the connection channel. This
approach makes heavy use of user-inbound events to pass additional information
between the ``NIOHTTP2Handler`` and the ``HTTP2StreamMultiplexer``.

The child channels are wrapped up as `MultiplexerAbstractChannel`s: this is a
wrapper around an `HTTP2StreamChannel` operating in one of two possible modes.
The modes correspond to the type of data passed between the connection channel
and the stream channels:

1. ``HTTP2Frame/FramePayload``
2. ``HTTP2Frame``. All paths leading to this mode of operation are deprecated,
   see [Issue 214](https://github.com/apple/swift-nio-http2/issues/214) for more
   context.

## Inline

> `_Inline_` multiplexing is the newer way of multiplexer stream and is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`_Inline_` multiplexing is the newer way of multiplexing streams and is
```
